hello and welcome for following the
collection and you surely have it
waited for this video pop so we're there
are
the console that revolutionized the world
video game with her the virtual
was becoming a real games library
infinite limit of course I want to talk
ps vita
no more seriously today we're going
talk about nintendo nes
so I'm going to show you everything that
i have a climb of nes nintendo
What system are we going to start with?
Normal pack pack with two joysticks am
which is really the most common then
they released the action pack it's with
the father and the cartridge containing the
Mario and mourning kent little story
from the father for a little culture
the phaser the first father at the start
it was dark gray and with we are not going
to say a few problems but they have
had concerns because and looked too much like
a real weapon for that's why
they did it orange red is
disgusting for
differentiate it as a day and pack
mario 3 is actually it's the normal pack
as I showed such time
the really normal pack at the most rank
current there is just the sheath besides
there are some with the ninja turtles oven
with the smurf
finally here's the inside it stays
always the same thing then the
little things or a little if you
have already seen that when I bought it
it was the first time I saw
so a black nintendo shelf a
embers in law and plastic for
put the games in ice booster and in
plus these rises
shit it is small it is
so it's just a shelf
finally with a sticker nintendo here
then I wanted to bring in this
category it's the system disk for
those who know, however, it is the
it was put on top famicom
japanese so and that was the diskettes
to m well go it's gone
and needless to remind that all my games
are in box complete records none
loose
I like the first zelda but the classic
series the one they took out after
we will classify it as platinum
tomorrow the zelda of the first edition
los endacom flights are going to be
spelling and with its cartridge that
stipulates well that this card to the game does not
must not be put in a device
nintendo where are born
cabbage mega man 4 ti kabzy cantonal
factors factors against the world to say in
france the star wars robocop robocop 2
ikari warriors who hold cubic captain
skyhook the book of the solar jungle
jetman dream master sword is snake
walkman a turn to use the famous
face the italian blue shadows
attention
nicklaus jack and quiz contest and I
shit like that serves one had to find in
bad condition one of the games he was ready to
buy
and when they were bought was not
very played tennis there is no simpler
a communal body lurks jadot Mission
impossible
defenders of the core
bacula
silent service nintendo world superbike
makes ball rad racer the ninja turtles
Solstiss
not recognized rbs space mid time
punch out and I find that in front of them
tiny all net open golf doctor
mario super mario bros 3 super mario
bros 2 super mario bros and father hat j
mendel tick and tac actually doctor the
stripe
the band or 2
jurassic park
james bond junior
beat
in pursuit of red october al adha
sniff fear the names of the graphics
glossy protector
the cartridges for
toyer sadness
at the time the VCRs had
also their cleaning cassettes ns on
took out one I almost forgot that too
is part of
I have three famicon games so the dragon
ball the dragon ball 3 and the dragon ball
z
so that's what is the nes the super
nes it will be a little longer and brown
the a64 I speak loudly but also for the
Sega video I forgot a console I
forgot there a case it's good you
follow and
and so I'll show it in one day
because lol is already in cartons
so to not miss anything from the sequel I
invite you to subscribe to the channel
youtube the itie is subscribe to the
official facebook page in the
description and I tell you to the
next